Update - Add SCM_DO_BUILD by default to only linux (node or python) (#2051)
microsoft/vscode-azureappservice: CHANGELOG.md

### Changed
- Minimum version of VS Code is now 1.53.0
- Icons updated to match VS Code's theme. Install new product icon themes [here](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/search?term=tag%3Aproduct-icon-theme&target=VSCode)

> - "SCM_DO_BUILD_DURING_DEPLOYMENT=true" is now added as an AppSetting to newly created web apps(only Linux - node or python apps), enables build during deploy by default

Reviewer: Trying to make something a bit more readable:

```suggestion
- Newly created Node.js and Python web apps targeting Linux will have `SCM_DO_BUILD_DURING_DEPLOYMENT` set to `true`, automatically building your app in Azure during deploy
```
